Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture in the previous lectures.
I walk you through some data visualization so we're able to visualize a couple of of the information
here so we're able to visualize a couple of the positive feedbacks versus negative feedbacks we're able
to visualize how many ratings were five star ratings and so on.
And we did some histogram analysis as well.
And here we showed some bar plots showing the different variations within our product along with how
many were five stars and so on.
And that was kind of overview of the data visualization.
And this section I'm gonna walk you through kind of actually really interesting and fun way of doing
what called the word cloud.
Okay.
So what cloud clouds actually very powerful function that you could use.
That's kind of a library that you could use that you can simply shows you kind of you know how many
words have been repeated for example.
We know within a specific text how many words like what's the other what's the what are the most famous
words in there.
In a very pretty like you know kind of nice way of visualization so let's take a look and see how can
we do this.
So first of all let's go to our def Alexa which is our data offering.
And here we go that's our data frame.
And what we could do is say OK I wanted to do some analysis to my verified reviews right.
If you guys remember that is verified reviews here.
OK.
So let's go ahead and actually grab that column verify the reviews verified on the score reviews.
All right.
And this is my column here.
It looks good.
So that's my that's actually press shift enter.
Here we go.
So he did this just the column that I'm interested in.
So what I wanted to do is actually apply that word cloud to all the text in here.
OK.
But the question is I need to organize it in a way that we have we can eliminate all the spaces and
we're going to have them in just one string.
So simply word cloud works by having one single string and you just going to call call the important
input the library and then apply it right away.
And it's just called today.
All right so let's say how can we do that first.
What we're going to do we're going to say OK we're going to say words let's actually do that in a new
cell here.
So can I say key words equals to def on the Alexa.
And here I'm going to pass my verified reviews and what I'm going to do going to say a dot to list.
All right.
So what going to happen here if a plus shift enter.
And if I take a look at words because we're going to find that this is simply just all the text in there
transform into a list.
So this is the first f first review and that is common right.
There's another my second review this comma and then next review and this comment so simply have been
transformed all the data frame into a list of words basic.
OK.
All right maybe let's check how many what's the lengths of my words so we have around 31.
Three one hundred or thirty 150 words which is equivalent to how many reviews do we have.
Right.
OK good.
All right let's go ahead and what we need to do right now is to simply go ahead take all simply all
these like kind of list list of kind of you know of these things we're going to mix them together and
create one single string out of it.
Once you do that then what good.
So we're gonna say key words as one string obviously is very like kind of a basic way of programming.
But like I like it this way because you know when you say this you say words as one string and just
do an explanation.
Now what we're doing is simply combining all the words in there and make it an interesting one string.
So I'm gonna say okay what I'm gonna do I'm gonna say okay let's go ahead and put spaces and join.
So I'm going to join all the words together Okay and let's go ahead and do this project enter.
And if I take a look at words as string it's printing Get out.
And here we go.
So now simply I have one single string that has every single kind of you know like review in there which
is amazing.
Let's take a look at actually the length of this one too so going to see lengths of words it's called
words as one string
words as one string.
Let's take a look at it.
And here we go.
These are all this every single word count in there.
So we simply have around four hundred and nineteen thousand words OK in every single review.
All right.
And that's pretty much it.
Now we are pretty much ready to go ahead and actually do the word cloud.
It's actually really simple mistake from words cloud.
We're going to import word clouds entered.
Looks good.
Please make sure that you have actually installed word cloud if you actually go up to my data overview
please make sure to install what cloud pip install word cloud.
If you have it installed everything is good.
You're just gonna go here once you're on that command.
It will show it should work fine and then afterwards we're going to say OK BLT that figure he get a
pass along our fig size equals two.
Let's say I'm going to make it 20.
Let's say by 20 and he's gonna say P L T that image show and here are going to simply pass along our
word clouds which is what I imported here.
Okay then open parentheses and then as a dot generate and hit I was just gonna pass along every single
word they have.
That's it.
So simply if you have any string that has a bunch of words.
Okay.
And if you apply generally to it and then you call that word cloud and then you show that image.
Let's go ahead shift enter.
And here we go.
It's amazing.
I really like it because you know it shows you kind of like a one stop shop just have all the information
you would need just all the words you know how many words like Alexa obviously is one very famous word
obviously because it's a product great that's a good thing really.
Maybe like you know Speaker love that's amazing you know that means you know people actually liking
it more obviously than it might be some like options.
For example example here echo because a girl called Alexa echo.
So you Amazon Echo echo.
And if you go down here maybe I'm just looking for one name that is prime prime day.
There is maybe a nice home light you know and so on.
It's actually really powerful.
You guys can practice with it just bring just a bunch of things in there and then use the call of this
command.
That's all what it's actually very powerful very easy to do.
All right.
And that's all what I have for this lecture.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
Now it's time for a quick challenge.
All right.
So now it's time for a quick challenge.
What I did here is I just defined one string.
OK.
Here you can call it whatever you can call it maybe string equals two.
All right.
And I call it here.
I'm so happy.
Love love love Python python.
I'm learning artificial intelligence and machine learning and what I want you guys to do is to please
go ahead.
Maybe created all string.
Or maybe use this string and actually go ahead and use the the word cloud to actually visualize you
know like this word cloud thing.
OK.
And please go ahead pause a video and we'll see you guys after the challenge.
All right.
I hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge.
Ask us to do is to simply pretty much apply the exact same commands that we had before.
So now we have a string right.
And what we could do.
I'm going to say OK I don't need to import world cloud again because I have it already so I can say
OK BLT dot figure.
And they're going to say fig size equals to pass along 20 and 20.
And he going to say appeal to that image show.
And what I could do I'm going to say it it's called a word cloud and what it could do we're gonna say
dot generate and they can pass along here simply my string.
All right so string here is going to pass it here.
And here we go just shift enters.
And here we go.
It's amazing.
So a lot of guys can see here's the word love love love has been repeated Python Python Python repeated
so it seems like these are the two most important words like love and python.
There are some happy there's some learning some artificial some machine some intelligence and so on
which is the rest of the words here and it seems like you know the the word cloud actually kind of ignores
the common words.
So I for example am so like all this stuff just removes it just focus on the key important elements
or key important words in here which is really powerful too.
All right.
That's pretty much all I have for this lecture.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and enjoyed the challenge and the next section I'm going to show you how
can we perform data cleaning and some feature engineering and that should conclude our project.
Best of luck and I'll see you guys in the next lecture.